---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Progress in Programming
date: 2019-12-05
labels:
  - MIS
---

My programming skills have greatly improved.
I am enthusiastic about programming.
I can do the practice WODs without looking at the screencast solutions.
The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence.
I feel ready to move to the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications).
I think the class can be improved to help my learning.
There are things that work really well with my learning in this class.

I would agree with the statement that my programming skills have greatly improved, but I still need help often. 
I understand how functions work and the order that my code needs to be in, but I need to follow examples to grt what I'm doing most of the time.
I think programming is an important skill to have and something that will set me apart, so in that respect I am enthusiastic about it. 
It is, however, quite frustrating and I find myself exasperated at a lot of the assignments.
The WODs are sometimes difficult because I understand what I basically need to do, but I often miss a lot of the steps. In that way, I still had to look at the screencasts to fix small things and finish the WODs.
The labs show us exactly what we need to be doing for the assignments and have been most helpful for examples I might need for something.
The labs have helped me understand the organization of code and what is necessary for building web applications. 
I don't know if I would say I am ready to build small web applications, but I am willing to stick with it. 
This class has been rewarding, but it would be improved by a slower pace or spending more time on the labs that are most pertinent to the assignments.
It is understandable that this is the first class in the MIS major and that means it is supposed to be challenging, but it is unlike any other type of class that we could be taking at this point.
Had I known the amount of time I would have to dedicate to this class, I would've prepared myself better.
GitHub has been an amazing tool to use and I like that I can search there for help when simply searching online doesn't work.
I enjoy watching the screencasts and attending class to best understand what code I need. Sometimes class can be a little fast-passed and hard to keep up in, but it is important to be there to keep up with the work.
